terms sample


TERMS OF USE PRE-REGISTRATION
GlobalOne Companies, LLC (“GLOBALONE COMPANIES” and or hereafter “Company”) operates this Site to provide online access to information about GLOBALONE COMPANIES and the products, services, and opportunities we provide (the “Service”). By accessing and using this Site, you agree to each of the terms and conditions set forth herein (“Terms of Use”). Additional terms and conditions applicable to specific areas of this Site or to particular content or transactions are also posted in particular areas of the Site, for example, the Privacy Policy and, together with these Terms of Use, govern your use of those areas, content or transactions. These Terms of Use, together with applicable additional terms and conditions, are referred to herein as the “Agreement.”
GLOBALONE COMPANIES reserves the right to modify this Agreement at any time without giving you prior notice. Your use of the Site following any such modification constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Agreement as modified.
You have received this invitation to participate in the prelaunch of a new program that, when fully optimized, will include many different sources of revenue. The policies and procedures herein written apply only to this initial prelaunch release. When this prelaunch has ended and the complete program is released, you understand that you will also be subject to the additional policies and procedures and Terms of Use.
Policies and Procedures

The policies and procedures serve as a guide to your position in the new program. Carefully review this document. We are here to support you and your efforts in your new business. If you have any questions, please contact the individual who sent you this registration page or email the Company at Support@ultimatepowerprofits.com.

The new program is unique and its information and features are not being fully disclosed. The new program will include many features including direct sales, special product purchase opportunities and much more. This program embraces all of the principles of ethical personal and sound business conduct that makes us a Company of trust and a legacy in this industry.
Registration

There are two different registration options provided in this membership application form.

The first is a free membership. By applying for the free membership you are accepting the rules stated herein and you understand that there are no benefits or privileges that are associated with the free membership status. At such time that the program becomes active, you will have the opportunity to become a paid member.

The second option is to pay a non-refundable pre-paid registration fee that places you in a priority position. The additional benefit that you receive as an acknowledgement you pre-paid registration is a position of founder.
Application for Free Independent Representative Status

A person may have Free Representative status by completing the on-line sign-up process. When the actual site is released, the Representative Agreement on the released site becomes a binding contract when payment is made and accepted by the Company. The Company reserves the right to reject any application for membership at its discretion. Applicants and Representatives may not submit inaccurate or false information on a Representative Agreement. Incomplete and inaccurate Representative Agreements will not be accepted but will be returned for completion and resubmission. Each Representative is responsible for informing the Company of any changes affecting the accuracy of the Representative Agreement
Application for Pre-paid Independent Representative Status

A pre-paid representative applicant must also follow the guidelines under section 3. All pre-paid independent Representatives will receive confirmation of their acceptance and their position in the Founder’s Program. Any application must be complete and deemed acceptable. Applicants and Representatives may not submit inaccurate or false information on a Founder’s Agreement.
Disclaimer

The Company does not represent the information in this invitation as a guarantee of income. Anyone who decides to become a Founder or free member accepts the responsibility of reading the material. Since there is no refund, individuals applying for a pre-paid member’ position should determine if they have the financial strength to lose the money that they pay.

The information on this page is presented for information only and should not be considered a promise by the Company to provide any income from the program. The statement regarding potential number of payment times per month and the statement of the sharing of profit are intended but not guaranteed.
Liability 

To the extent permitted by law, The Company shall not be liable for, and both free member and pre-paid member Representatives releases from, and waives all claims for any loss of profits, direct or indirect, special or consequential damages or any other loss incurred or suffered by applicant as a result of (a) the breach by Representative of this Agreement, (b) the operation of Representative’s business, (c) any incorrect or wrong data or information provided by Representative, or (d) the failure to provide any information or data necessary for the Company to operate its business, including without limitation, the enrollment and acceptance of Representative into the income opportunity or the payment of commissions and bonuses.
Independent Contractor Status

All Representatives and Founders are independent contractors. They are not franchisees, joint venture partners, employees or agents of the Company, and are prohibited from stating or implying, whether orally or in writing, otherwise. Representatives and Founders have no authority to bind the Company to any obligation. Independent Representatives and Founders will not be treated as employees with respect to such services for Federal or State tax purposes. The Company is not responsible for payment or co-payment of any employee benefits. Representatives and Founders set their own hours and determine how to conduct their business, subject to the Agreement and the Policies and Procedures when released in the full program. Representatives and Founders are responsible for liability, health, disability and workmen’s compensation insurance as required by their state or local laws. As an Independent Representative and/or Founder, you are responsible and agree to pay your own business expenses.
Legal Age

All Representatives must be of legal age in their state or country of residence to apply to become a Free Member or pre-paid member/founder.

Each Independent Representative will be authorized to conduct business anywhere in the U.S.A. and its territories and in other countries as permitted by the laws of the individual country. There are no territorial restrictions.
Marriage and Divorce

All applicants are required to read the Terms and Conditions of The Company site. Issues regarding marital status will be defined.
Corporations, Partnerships and Trusts

The Free or Pre-paid member application may be filed by an entity recognized by law. Entity applications must be signed by an authorized officer of the corporation, partnership or trustee of the trust and will become the binding Agreement for such entity when the Company site is released.
Change of Status

Representatives who wish to change their status from that of a free individual member to a pre-paid member must do so prior to the close of the pre-registration period.
Commission Cycle

Commissions are calculated in real time or weekly or monthly, depending on the type. The pay periods runs from midnight to midnight of the specified pay day. Commissions are paid two weeks from the Monday following the end of each pay period.
Taxation

As independent contractors and founders, Representatives will not be treated as franchisees, partners, employees, or agents for federal or state tax purposes, including, with respect to the Internal Revenue Code Social Security Act, federal unemployment act, state unemployment acts, or any other federal, state, or local statute, ordinance, rule, or regulation. At the end of each calendar year, The Company will issue to each Representative and Founder IRS Form 1099, or other applicable documentation required by law, for non-employee compensation. It is the responsibility of each Representative to pay his/her/its own income taxes.
Record-keeping 

Record keeping is your responsibility. A recommended publication is the Retail Industry ATG - Chapter 3 – Examination Techniques for Specific Industries (Direct Sellers), is available from the IRS web site.
Confidentiality Agreement

Any information that is contained in any printout or sales report, or online back office system provided by the Company is the proprietary and confidential information of the Company and is transmitted to the Representative and/or Founder in confidence. The Representative/Founder agrees not to disclose said information whether directly or indirectly to any third party, other person, firm, or entity, nor use the information for purposes of competing with the Company or for promoting any other program or products. The Representative/Founder and the Company agree that, without this agreement of confidentiality and nondisclosure, the Company would not provide the information to the Representative. The Representative understands and agrees this duty to maintain the confidentiality of this information will survive the termination of their Representative Application and Agreement for a period of Twelve (12) months.17.
Circumvention of Policies

If it is determined, in the sole discretion of The Company, that a Representative position was transferred in an effort to circumvent compliance with the Agreement of the Policies and Procedures, the Representative/Founder position will revert back to The Company.
Sponsoring

Representatives/Founders may sponsor other Member Representatives into the Company’s business. Representatives/Founders must ensure that each potential Representative has reviewed and has access to the current Policies and Procedures and Pay Plan prior to or when enrolling the individual.
Trademarks and Copyrights

The Company name, trademarks, service marks and copyrighted materials are owned by The Company. The use of such marks and materials must be in strict compliance with these Policies and Procedures.
Print and Electronic Advertising

All materials used in the placement of any advertising in any print or electronic media, including Internet web sites must be approved by The Company prior to use. Representatives are not permitted to use the Company trade names or names deceptively similar to them as a web site address or in any other manner without the written approval of the Company.
Endorsements

No endorsements by a The Company officer(s) or administrator(s) or third parties may be asserted, except as expressly stated in The Company literature. State regulatory agencies do not approve or endorse direct selling programs. Therefore, Member Representatives/Founders may not represent or imply, directly or indirectly, that The Company program, products or services have been approved or endorsed by any governmental agency.
Copyright Restrictions

With respect to product purchases from The Company, Representatives/Founders must abide by all manufacturers’ use restrictions and copyright protections.
Income Claims

Representatives/Founders must truthfully and fairly describe the Pay Plan. No false or misleading income claims may be made to prospective Member Representatives. Member Representatives may not use their own incomes as indications of the success assured to others. Commission checks may not be used as marketing materials. Representatives may not guarantee commissions or estimate expenses to prospects. The power of the Pay Plan may be accurately shown using approved materials. Each Member Representative understands that his or her success is dependent on their effort, dedication, resources and the time he or she commits to this enterprise.
Amendments

The Company reserves the right to amend the Rules set forth herein, its wholesale or suggested retail prices, Amendments will be communicated to all Member Representatives in one or more of the following forms: online newsletters, email or email blast, written or published materials, circulated or made available to all Representatives or publication on the Company web site. Amendments are effective and binding on all Member Representatives and Founders as of the date of issuance. In the event of any conflict between the agreement of the Rules and any such amendment, the amendment shall control.
Non-Waiver Provision

No failure of the Company to exercise any power or right under these Rules or to insist upon strict compliance by a Member Representative or Founder with any obligation or provision herein, and no custom or practice of the parties at variance with these Rules, shall constitute a waiver of the Company’s right to demand exact compliance with these Rules.
Jurisdiction and Venue

The Pre-Registration Member Representative Agreement and Founder Agreement and the Rules shall be construed enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California without reference legal principles that would cause the law of another jurisdiction to be applied. Causes of action between the parties hereto of any type, whether on the Member Representative Agreement or Founder Agreement, on fraud or any other tort, or grounded in principles of strict liability or statutes of any kind, shall be heard exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction in the County of San Diego, California, each party hereby submitting to the jurisdiction of such courts and expressly waiving the right to bring suit in all other courts. In any cause of action the winner shall be entitled to recovery of all reasonable attorney fees, court costs and other costs of the action. Louisiana residents may choose Louisiana law, jurisdiction, and venue, and may arbitrate in New Orleans.
Limitation of Damages

To the extent permitted by law, The Company and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and other representatives shall not be liable for, and the Member Representative and/or Founder hereby releases the foregoing from and waives any claim for loss of profit, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages which may arise out of any claim whatsoever relating to the Company’s performance, non-performance, act, or omission with respect to the business relationship or other matters between the Member Representative/Founder and the Company whether sounding in contract, tort, or strict liability.
Entire Agreement

This statement of Terms of Use for Pre-Registration, the Rules and Regulations/Policies & Procedures (along with the Pay Plan and the Terms and Policies Applicable to Use of The Company Services, and Privacy Policy) is incorporated into the Representative Application and Agreement and constitutes the entire agreement of the parties regarding their business relationship. No other promises, representations, guarantees or agreements of any kind shall be valid unless in writing. If any provision herein is held to be invalid, all other provisions shall remain valid and enforceable.
Effective Date: June 1, 2012
